README.md, before:

# Entropy centrality-based community detection
A MATLAB implementation of the research article by Nikolaev, Razib and Kucheriya titled "On efficient use of entropy centrality for social network analysis and community detection", published in the Elsevier Social Networks journal.

# Folder structure
This repository contains 4 main folders, each serving a particular aim. The "ECCD" folder contains the MATLAB source code implementing the community detection method. The "data" folder contains several directed graphs which can be used to evaluate community structure. The "modularity_calculation"  folder contains MATLAB scripts which can be used to calculate the Newman modularities of the sequence of community assignments for several values of the community count. The "plotter_scripts" folder contains MATLAB scripts which can be used to graphically visualize the modularity sequences of a particular graph (in fact, one of the available ones), possibly allowing for the plotting of the $t$ parameter (please read the paper for more on the $t$ parameter).

# How to evaluate the method
The prototype of the ECCD function (see the "ECCD/" folder) is [communities,edges_exhausted] = ECCD(A,a,t,k,debug,use_sp_matrix). The parameter $A$ is the orthogonal adjacency matrix of a graph (an undirected or a directed one). $a$ is the probability of halting the absorbing random walk. $t$ is the community analysis resolution parameter. $debug$ is an integer flag expecting the value 0 or 1; if it is set to 1, then debug messages appear after invoking the ECCD function. "use_sp_matrix" is an important parameter. You should set it to 1 if $A$ is a large adjacency matrix, and you may set it to 0 if the adjacency matrix $A$ is small.

# Important notices
Note that this is a third-party implementation of the research article by (Nikolaev, Razib and Kutcheriya, 2015). We have verified that the code works on both MATLAB and on GNU Octave (please be careful on the connected component function call which is different for these two platforms). We have verified that the implementation works as expected for the graphs that are evaluated in the experiment section of the paper. You should make sure that the latter fact applies for your installation of the code in the environment that you try it on. If you spot any other problem with the code, you can contact me at s.karavarsamis@gmail.com.

Commit message:

adding information about compiling mex CC function

README.md, after:

# Entropy centrality-based community detection
A MATLAB implementation of the research article by Nikolaev, Razib and Kucheriya titled "On efficient use of entropy centrality for social network analysis and community detection", published in the Elsevier Social Networks journal.

# Folder structure
This repository contains 4 main folders, each serving a particular aim. The "ECCD" folder contains the MATLAB source code implementing the community detection method. The "data" folder contains several directed graphs which can be used to evaluate community structure. The "modularity_calculation"  folder contains MATLAB scripts which can be used to calculate the Newman modularities of the sequence of community assignments for several values of the community count. The "plotter_scripts" folder contains MATLAB scripts which can be used to graphically visualize the modularity sequences of a particular graph (in fact, one of the available ones), possibly allowing for the plotting of the $t$ parameter (please read the paper for more on the $t$ parameter).

# How to evaluate the method
The prototype of the ECCD function (see the "ECCD/" folder) is [communities,edges_exhausted] = ECCD(A,a,t,k,debug,use_sp_matrix). The parameter $A$ is the orthogonal adjacency matrix of a graph (an undirected or a directed one). $a$ is the probability of halting the absorbing random walk. $t$ is the community analysis resolution parameter. $debug$ is an integer flag expecting the value 0 or 1; if it is set to 1, then debug messages appear after invoking the ECCD function. "use_sp_matrix" is an important parameter. You should set it to 1 if $A$ is a large adjacency matrix, and you may set it to 0 if the adjacency matrix $A$ is small.

# Calculation of the connected components
Our suggestions on the calculation of connected components in the implementation of the ECCD function regards the specific platform that you use to evaluate the code. We consider the open source GNU Octave software and the Mathworks MATLAB environment. In either case, you are suggested to do

```
$ git clone https://github.com/brigr/entropycentrality-community-detection
$ cd entropycentrality-community-detection/

$ matlab
```

Once MATLAB opens, execute the following commands to prepare the connected components calculation function that is based on MEX.

```
addpath(genpath('.'))
mex -O -largeArrayDims graph_conn_comp_mex.cpp
```

# Important notices
Note that this is a third-party implementation of the research article by (Nikolaev, Razib and Kutcheriya, 2015). We have verified that the code works on both MATLAB and on GNU Octave (please be careful on the connected component function call which is different for these two platforms). We have verified that the implementation works as expected for the graphs that are evaluated in the experiment section of the paper. You should make sure that the latter fact applies for your installation of the code in the environment that you try it on. If you spot any other problem with the code, you can contact me at s.karavarsamis@gmail.com.
